##############################################################################
#                             Install Help File                              #
##############################################################################
*10010*A JVM has not been detected Help

The Installation Utility cannot find a Java Virtual Machine (JVM) on the
platform to which you are installing. You can proceed with the installation
process, but you can only install products that do not require a JVM.

Note: This situation will not occur if you are installing on a platform
for which Progress Software Corporation automatically ships a JVM. For
details about these platforms and others for which the JVM is not shipped,
see the OpenEdge Getting Started: Installation and Configuration guide.


*10020*Detected JVM version does not match the supported version Help

The Installation Utility did not detect the currently supported JVM on the
platform to which you are installing. Your options to proceed are:

- Continue with the current installation, proceeding with the unsupported
  JVM version on your system. However, unpredicatable results might occur.

- Type N to exit the current install at this time. Obtain the supported
  JVM version and install it. Ensure you install it at the beginning of
  the search path ($Path). After you complete these tasks, you must
  re-install.

If you are performing a batch installation, you can add an entry in
the .ini file to permit a batch install to override this warning. See
the chapter "Performing an OpenEdge Installation on UNIX," in the
OpenEdge Getting Started: Installation and Configuration guide.

Note: Progress Software Corporation recommends that you install the
supported JVM version to ensure full functionality.

*10030*Product Configuration Data Help

Requires your company name, and the serial number and associated
control code for each OpenEdge product you plan to install.

Refer to your License Addendum or completed "Preinstallation Checklist
for UNIX" documents for serial and control code numbers.

Note: The License Addendum is available for download from the
      Progress Download Center (http://www.progress.com/esd).
      Also, if you have not completed the
      "Preinstallation Checklist for UNIX," complete it before you
      continue the installation. Obtain the checklist from an
      appendix of the OpenEdge Getting Started: Installation and
      Configuration guide.

Procedure for this dialog box

To identify the products you plan to install:

1. Type your company name in the Company Name field and press TAB.

2. Type the nine-digit serial number in the Serial Number field and press TAB.

3. Type the series of three, five-digit product numbers
   associated with a product in the Control Number field.
   (Press TAB to advance from one series to the next.)

Note: This information is not case sensitive. The Installation Utility
      automatically converts all letters to uppercase.

4. Press ENTER. The Utility confirms and accepts valid control numbers.

5. Repeat Steps 2 through 4 for each product you want to install.

6. Press CTRL-E, or the appropriate key combination for your terminal type,
   after you enter the final control code number. You will be prompted to
   confirm that you have finished entering values on this dialog box.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option             Function
-----------------  ----------------------------------------------------------
ENTER              Confirms that the product information entered is correct
(Additional)       and clears the input fields for additional information for
                   another OpenEdge product.

CTRL-E (Done)      Confirms all product information is entered and continues
                   to the next step in the installation. The actual key you
                   use to indicate you are done varies by terminal type.
                   Refer to the Product Configuration Data dialog box for the
                   appropriate key combination for your terminal.

CTRL-T (Quit)      Quits the Installation Utility. The Quit Confirmation
                   dialog box appears. Type Y to quit or N to continue the
                   installation.  (When you quit the installation process,
                   the Installation Utility and all the installation files
                   you copied into your working directory are deleted.)

CTRL-N             Displays the online Release Notes.
(Release Notes)

CTRL-V (View)      Displays the selected OpenEdge products for which you
                   entered control numbers.

TAB (Next Field)   Moves to the next field in the dialog box.

CTRL-P (Help)      Displays the help topic for this dialog box.

CTRL-A (License    A License Addendum File contains the serial numbers and 
Addendum File)     product control codes for the OpenEdge software license you
                   purchased.  Enter the complete path to your file.

                   A License Addendum File is acquired from the Progress
                   Software Download Celnter.  See OpenEdge Getting Started:
                   Installation and Configuration for information and 
                   instructions for obtaining a License Addendum File.


*10035*Specifying Serial Numbers and Controls Codes from an Electronic File

To facilitate the installation process, you can automatically enter serial
numbers and product control codes using a License Addendum File accessible
from the Progress Software Download Center. This file contains the serial
numbers and control codes for the OpenEdge software license you purchased.

To enter the serial number and control code for your product automatically:

1.  In the License Addendum File field, enter the name and path of the
    License Addendum file.

    Once the license addendum file is validated, the Product(s) to be
    installed list is automatically populated.

2.  Type CTRL-V to view the products loaded from the License Addendum.


Accessing the License Addendum File from the Progress Software Download Center

To retrieve the License Addendum file from the download center:

1.  Access the Progress Software Download Center at
    http://www.progress.com/esd.

    Note: You must be a registered user to download the License Addendum
    File. To become a registered user, goto
    http://www.progress.com/cgi-bin/custprofile.cgi/esd/index_reg.w

2.  From the Download Center Login page, enter your username and password.
    The Administration page appears.

3.  On the Administration page, select Download software.

4.  Select the appropriate product catalog for your OpenEdge product. For
    example, Progress OpenEdge Release. The Software page appears.

5.  On the Software page, select the OpenEdge product. The Platforms page
    appears.

    Note: The Software page may display a suite of OpenEdge products. Select
    the product for which you want the License Addendum File.

6.  The Platforms page displays all of the platforms and software releases
    for which you are entitled. Right-click the License Addendum field for the
    appropriate platform.

    In the pop-up menu, select Save Target As. A Save As download window
    appears.

7.  The download window displays the License Addendum file (or files) for the
    selected OpenEdge product. Select the .HTM file and save it to a local
    directory.


    Note: The dload_serialNum.htm file is selected by default. If you want to
    save multiple license addendum files for future ePack installations,
    rename the file.

Once the License Addendum File is saved locally, you can access it from the
Serial Numbers and Control Codes dialog.

*10040*Select Server Engine Help

The SQL Server database engine supports queries written in the SQL language.
This option is selected by default.

Note: When you install a database product, the Installation Program by
default installs the ABL database server connection needed to support
queries written in ABL.

To indicate whether you want to use the SQL database server connection
option:

1. Retain the check mark to accept the option or remove the check mark
   to deselect the option.

2. Choose Continue with Install to advance to the next dialog box. 


*10050*JavaHome Pathname Help

About this dialog box

The Installation Utility searches for the correct version of the JRE/JDK
before continuing the installation. If the program does not find the correct
version, the JavaHome Pathname dialog box appears in which you must specify
the location of your system's Java installation directory.

Note: The Installation Utility does not automatically install the Java
      Runtime Environment (JRE) and the Java Development Kit (JDK) on all
      UNIX platforms. For details about the conditions that govern whether
      the JRE and/or JDK are installed for a specific platform, see
      OpenEdge Getting Started: Installation and Configuration guide.

About this dialog box

To define where the existing Java installation directory is located on your
target system:

1. Type the absolute pathname associated with your Java installation
   directory in the Enter JavaHome Path field. (The Java installation
   directory must be in your search path when you install and then run
   OpenEdge.)

2. Press ENTER to continue the installation.

*10060*Sonic ESB Properties Help

About this dialog box

Products such as the OpenEdge Application Server Enterprise and 4GL 
Development System recommend the use of the Sonic ESB Container feature. 
However, they do not install the container by default.  If you are installing 
the OpenEdge Adapter for Sonic ESB, either as a stand-alone product or as a 
component of another OpenEdge product, complete this dialog box to identify 
the Sonic ESB Container properties.

Note: If you decide not to specify a local Sonic ESB installation directory
      during the installation, the OpenEdge Sonic ESB Adapter configuration
      files will not be tailored or installed into the Sonic ESB environment.
      You must manually perform this task as a postinstallation activity.

Procedure for this dialog box

To identify the values to use for your OpenEdge Adapter for Sonic ESB to 
install the adapter configuration files: 

1. Do one of the following:

 - Accept the host name that appears as the default container name value
   in the Container Name field.

 - Define a different container name that is unique to the the management
   broker. (Required if your product already has a <hostname>Container
   defined.)

2. Accept Domain1, the default value that appears in the Domain Name field,
   or type a new value that is associated with the value you entered for the
   Container Name field in Step 1.

3. Accept tcp://localhost:2506, the default value that appears in
   the Connection URL field, or type a new value.

4. Accept Administrator, the default value that appears in the User Name
   field, or type a new value.

5. Accept Administrator, the default value that appears in the Password
   field, or type a new value.

6. Proceed according to the type of OpenEdge Adapter for Sonic ESB install
   you want to perform:

    -  To complete a local installation of the adapter:

       Browse to select the directory location for the SonicESB Home
       Directory. The Adapter for Sonic ESB configuration files are
       installed under the Domain Manager directory structure.

       Press ENTER to continue the installation.

    -  To complete a remote installation of the adapter:

       Leave the SonicESB Home Directory field blank and press ENTER.
       An Attention message box appears, stating that you must manually
       configure the remote system's Sonic Management Console. For
       information about manually install the OpenEdge Sonic ESB Adapter,
       see "OpenEdge Application Server: Administration."

       Press ENTER to continue the installation.

*10070*Install Type and Destination Help

About this dialog box

The Install Type and Destination dialog box supports selecting the
installation type, and choosing installation destination and working path
directories. You can also perform optional tasks such as view Release Notes.

This dialog box is comprised of two main functional areas: the interactive
menu selection box at the top and the display-only area that summarizes
the selections you make.

Procedure for this dialog box

The following procedure describes how to select an option in the menu
selection box; the table that follows identifies and describes each option
you can perform.

To select an option:

1. Highlight the option using the SPACEBAR key, the TAB key, the CURSOR
   keys.

2. Press ENTER to execute the selected option.

3. On the dialog box associated with the selection option, accept a selection
   or enter values, as needed.

4. Repeat Steps 1 and 3 for each option, as needed.

5. Choose Continue with Installation. The dialog box that appears depends on
   the products you are installing and/or the type of installation you
   selected.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option                Description
--------------------  --------------------------------------------------------
Select Type of        Allows you to select the type of installation you want
Installation          to perform: Complete or Custom.

Select Destination    Allows you to change the default destination pathname
Pathname              (/usr/dlc) and work directory (/usr/wrk) pathname.
                      (The Installation Utility determines if there is
                      enough disk space on the destination location to
                      recieve the install. The Utility prompts you to define a
                      different destination if there are disk space problems
                      associated with your installation's size.)

Select Management     Allows you to change the default destination pathname
Pathname              (/usr/oemgmt) and work directory (/usr/oemgmt_wrk) 
                      pathname for OpenEdge Management.
                      (The Installation Utility determines if there is
                      enough disk space on the destination location to
                      recieve the install. The Utility prompts you to define a
                      different destination if there are disk space problems
                      associated with your installation's size.)

Continue the          Displays the next dialog box based on the products
Installation          you are installing and/or the type of installation
                      you selected.

View Release Notes    View the latest release notes using the vi or
                      emacs editor. When you select this option, the
                      Installation Utility launches the editor.  To exit vi
                      after reading the Release Notes, type :q!. To exit
                      emacs, press CTRL-X and the CRTL-C.

Cancel                Cancels any previous selections associated with this
                      dialog box and displays the Product Configuration
                      Data dialog box.


Quit Installation     Quits the Installation Utility.  The Quit
                      Confirmation dialog box appears.  Type Y to quit or N
                      to continue the installation. (When you quit the
                      installation process, the Installation Utility prompts
                      you to delete all installation files already copied into
                      your working directory.)

*10080*Select Type of Installation Help

Identifies the type of installation to perform.

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Select one of the two options:

- Complete - Installs all mandatory, recommended, and optional components and
             subcomponents of the products you are installing. (default)

- Custom   - Installs all mandatory components, and only those recommended
             and/or optional components that you select from the
             Custom-Select Products dialog box.

             Progress Software Corporation only recommends the Custom
             installation approach for advanced users who plan to selectively
             install product components and subcomponents on a
             product-by-product basis.

2. Press ENTER. The Type and Destination dialog box reappears.  The
   type of installation you selected appears in the Type field in the display
   box that appears below the main dialog box.

Caution: Progress Software Corporation recommends that you proceed with
         caution if you intend to deselect any recommended components or
         subcomponents. Product features and functionality might not work
         properly if recommended elements are not present.

See OpenEdge Getting Started: Installation and Configuration guide for
a complete list of OpenEdge product components and subcomponents.

*10090*Select Destination Pathname Help

About this dialog box

The Select Destination Pathname dialog box determines the directory path for
and location of these OpenEdge installation files:

 - Destination Path  - Identifies where to install the OpenEdge product.
                       For example, /usr1/OpenEdge/110/dlc.

 - Working Directory - Contains your applications, your databases, and your
                       log files. The Working Directory also serves as the
                       default working directory for OpenEdge clients and
                       WebSpeed Agents.
                       For example, /usr1/OpenEdge/wrk.

Consider the following points before you select directories:

 - Do not make your OpenEdge working directory a subdirectory under the
   OpenEdge installation path. If you uninstall OpenEdge, the working
   directory is deleted along with the destination directory. Additionally,
   you cannot start a server for a database that has been installed in a
   subdirectory of OpenEdge.

 - If you have other versions of Progress or OpenEdge products installed,
   do not enter the pathname where these products reside. You must specify
   a different destination path for OpenEdge. This ensures that you do not
   overwrite any of your existing product directories and files.

 - If you want to add OpenEdge products to the most recently installed
   version, the installation program assumes that you are adding these
   products to this install location. For more information, see the
   section that addresses how to install additional products in "OpenEdge
   Getting Started: Installation and Configuration."

Caution: Never run OpenEdge products from the directory in which you
         installed them. If you do, you could damage the OpenEdge software
         files.

Procedure for this dialog box

To select destination and work path directories:

1. Accept the Destination Directory path /usr/dlc (default) or enter an
   alternate directory.

2. Accept the Work Directory path /usr/wrk (default) or enter an alternate
   directory.

3. Press ENTER.  The Type and Destination dialog box reappears.
   The directories you selected appear in the Destination pathname and Working
   Dir pathname fields in the display box that appears below the main dialog
   box.

   Note: The actual key you use to accept the default varies by terminal
         type. The Select Destination Pathname dialog box shows the
         appropriate key combination for your terminal.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:


Option                  Description
----------------------  ---------------------------------------------------
ENTER=OK                Confirms the values you accepted or entered.

CTRL-E=Default Dest     Redisplays the Destination Path default value
                        /usr/dlc.

CTRL-G=Default Work     Redisplays the Work Directory default value
                        /usr/wrk.

CTRL-N=Cancel           Does not commit a choice you made.

*10100*Destination Pathname Exists Help

Select an alternative path to define for the Destination Path because the
Destination Pathname you identified on the Select Destinataion Pathname
dialog box already exists.

Procedure for this dialog box

To select an option:

1. Highlight an option, using the SPACEBAR key, the TAB key, or the CURSOR
   keys.

2. Press ENTER to execute the selected option and continue the installation.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option                  Description
----------------------  -----------------------------------------------------
Select an alternative   Allows you to select another destination path.  This
destination path        option redisplays the Select Destination Pathname
                        dialog box.

Erase the current       Deletes the contents and subdirectories of the named
destination pathname    directory and reinstalls in the same directory.

Install the OpenEdge    Installs OpenEdge products in the named directory.
products in the         If the name of a file being installed matches the
pre-existing            name of an existing file, the Installation Utility
destination path        overwrites the existing file.  The Installation
                        Utility does not, however, overwrite the progress.cfg
                        file.

*10110*Custom - Select Products Help

A Custom installation automatically installs all mandatory product components
and subcomponents, but allows you to selectively install the optional and
recommended components and subcomponents on a product-by-product basis.

To customize products, you make choices at the following levels:

- Product level:       Choose a product.

- Component level:     Based on the product you have chosen, select
                       recommended and/or optional components to install.

- Subcomponent level:  Based on the component you have chosen, select
                       recommended and/or optional subcomponents to install.

About this dialog box

The Custom - Select Products dialog box is the first of three dialog boxes in
the customization process. Depending on the product you select on this dialog
box, the Installation Utility launches the other two customization dialog
boxes - Select Components and Select Subcomponents - in which you can further
refine the individual product elements to install.

On the Select Products dialog box, products are listed by product name in the
order in which you entered their individual product codes. An asterisk (*)
initially appears by default to indicate that you can install the entire
product; you are not required to customize the component and subcomponent
levels.

Procedure on this dialog box

To deselect/reselect each product at the product level:

1. Choose (highlight) a product name.

2. Do one of the following, as needed:

   - Press ENTER once to deselect the entire product. The product will not be
     installed.

   - Press ENTER twice to reselect the entire product. (If the product
     contains optional and/or required components, these elements are listed
     on the Select Components dialog box.  Press Help on this dialog box for
     details about how to select individual components.)

3. Review the product status information as presented in Step 2 of this
   procedure.

4. Repeat Steps 1 through 3 for each product listed.

5. Once you have made all your product, component, and subcomponent
   selections, select Install Selected Products. If you are installing any
   product that requires a Web server, the ATTENTION dialog box appears,
   asking you if you are installing OpenEdge on the system where your Web
   server is installed. Otherwise, the Language Selection dialog box
   appears.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option                Description
------------------    --------------------------------------------------------
<Specific Product     Review install options for each product. You can choose
Name>                 to select or deselect an entire product.  Also, if
                      there are components and/or subcomponents associated
                      with a product, you can display and select these
                      elements from the Custom - Select Components or
                      Custom - Select Subcomponents dialog boxes.  (Select
                      the Help option on these dialog boxes for details.)

Install Selected      Select after you have made all your product,
Products              component, and subcomponent selections.

                      Note: This option does not install or commit product
                            selections at this time. Press CANCEL on the
                            Language Selection dialog box, which appears later
                            in the Installation Utility, to return to the
                            Custom - Select Products dialog box and make
                            changes.

Change destination    Changes the default destination pathname (/usr/dlc) and
pathname              work directory (/usrs/wrk) pathname.

Cancel                Cancels the previous selections and the Type
                      and Destination dialog box appears.  Allows you to
                      reselect installation type and continue the
                      installation, selecting new options.

Help                  Displays Help for this dialog box.

Disk Space Required   Provides numeric totals about disk space for:
<details>              - Only OpenEdge products.
                       - The entire install program (including products).
                       - Disk space available post installation.

*10120*Custom - Select Components Help

About this dialog box

The Custom - Select Components dialog box, the second of three dialog boxes
you can use to customize an OpenEdge product, allows you to deselect and
reselect optional and recommended product elements at the
component level.

The components list is based on the product you selected on the Select
Products dialog box. Optional and recommended components, which have
selectable subcomponents, initially appear with an asterisk (*) to indicate
that the component is preselected for installation, by default. However, you
can deselect each component.

The Custom - Select Component dialog box appears only if there are components
for a product you selected on the Custom - Select Product dialog box.

Procedure for this dialog box

To deselect/reselect product elements at the component level:

1. Choose (hightlight) a component.

   Note: Recommended components are identified by an (r) after the
         component's name. All other components are considered optional by
         default. (Note that the word "optional" after a component is
         actually part of the component's name and not a status indicator.)

2. To deselect an entire component that has an asterisk (*), highlight the
   component and press ENTER once. The component will not be installed.

   Repeat Steps 1 and 2 for each component you want to remove from the
   installation.

3. To select a component and review its subcomponent details, highlight the
   component and press ENTER twice. Note these results:

   - If a component contains selectable (optional and/or recommended)
     subcomponents, they are listed on the Select Subcomponents dialog box.
     Each subcomponent is preselected by default, as indicated by an
     asterisk (*). Highlight the subcomponent and press ENTER once to deselect
     a subcomponent, or press ENTER twice to reselect a component. You can
     also select Help on the Select Subcomponent dialog box for more details
     about how to select individual subcomponents. Press Previous Menu to
     return to the Select Components dialog box.)

   - If a component contains only mandatory subcomponents, the message "This
     component does not contain any selectable subcomponents" appears. Press
     ENTER to close the message. You can only select or deselect the
     component by alternating between pressing ENTER once or twice.

   - If a component does not contain any subcomponents, no message appears.
     You can only reselect or deselect the component by alternating between
     pressing ENTER once or twice.

4. Repeat Steps 1 and 3 for each component you want to review on the Select
   Components dialog box.

5. Choose Previous Menu to return to the Select Products dialog box and
   select another product, as needed. When you have finished customizing,
   choose Install Selected Products.If you are installing any product that
   requires a Web server, the ATTENTION dialog box appears,
   asking you about your Web Server location. Otherwise, the Language
   Selection dialog box appears.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option                Description
--------------------  --------------------------------------------------------
<Specific component   Reviews component options for each product.  Use the
name and status>      procedure previously described in this help topic to
                      select component and/or associated subcomponent
                      elements.

Previous Menu         Closes the Select Components dialog box and redisplays
                      the Select Products dialog box.

Cancel                Cancels the previous selections and the Custom -
                      Select Products dialog box appears.

Help                  Displays Help for this dialog box.

Disk Space Required   Provides numeric totals about disk space for:
<details>              - Only OpenEdge products.
                       - The entire install program (including products).
                       - Disk space available post installation.

*10130*Custom - Select Subcomponents Help

About this dialog box

The Custom - Select Subcomponents dialog box, the last of three dialog boxes
you can use to customize an OpenEdge product, allows you to deselect and
reselect optional and recommended product elements at the
subcomponent level.

The subcomponents list is based on the component you selected on the Select
Components dialog box. Subcomponents initially appear with an asterisk (*)
to indicate that the subcomponent is preselected for installation, by default.
However, you can deselect each subcomponent.

The Custom - Select Subcomponents dialog box only appears if there are
subcomponents associated with a component that you selected on the
Custom - Select Components dialog box.

Procedure for this dialog box

To deselect/reselect product elements at the subcomponent level:

1. Choose (hightlight) a subcomponent.

   Note: Recommended subcomponents are identified by an (r) after the
         subcomponent's name. All other subcomponents are optional by default.
         (Note that the word "optional" after a component is not a status
         indicator, but actually part of the component's name.)

2. To deselect a subcomponent which has an asterisk (*), highlight the
    subcomponent and press ENTER once. The subcomponent will not be installed.

   Repeat Steps 1 and 2 for each component you want to remove from the
   installation.

3. To reselect a subcomponent, hightlight the subcomponent and press ENTER
   twice.

4. Repeat Steps 1 and 3, as appropriate, for each subcomponent.

5. Choose Previous Menu to return to the Select Components dialog box and
   select another component, as needed. When you have finished customizing,
   choose Install Selected Products on the Select Products dialog box.
   If you are installing any product that requires a Web server,
   the ATTENTION dialog box appears. Otherwise, the Language Selection dialog
   box appears.

The following table describes the menu options for this dialog box:

Option                Description
--------------------  --------------------------------------------------------
<Specific component   Reviews component options for each product.  Use the
name and status>      procedure previously described in this help topic to
                      select component and/or associated subcomponent
                      elements.

Previous Menu         Closes the Select Components dialog box and redisplays
                      the Select Products dialog box.

Cancel                Cancels the previous selection(s) and the Custom -
                      Select Products dialog box appears.

Help                  Displays Help for this dialog box.

Disk Space Required   Provides numeric totals about disk space for:
<details>              - Only OpenEdge products.
                       - The entire install program (including products).
                       - Disk space available post installation.

*10140*ATTENTION - WebSpeed

About this dialog box

This message appears when you are installing WebSpeed as a component or
subcomponent of another OpenEdge product.

WebSpeed supports developing and/or deploying Web browser-based Online
Transaction Processing (OLTP)applications. For example, WebSpeed Workshop
uses WebSpeed functionality to build OLTP applications.

Procedure on this dialog box

Do one of the following:

     - Choose Yes to display the Web Server Type dialog box in which
       you will be asked to make Web server choices.

     - Choose No to bypass the Web Server Type dialog box and
       continue with the installation.

*10150*Web Server Menu Help

The following table describes the menu options to perform:

Option                  Description
----------------------  ---------------------------------------------------

Select a Web Server     Select either the Sun Web Server (default) a Web
Type                    server that is CGI-compatible.

Select Web Server       Define the pathname of your Web Script directory
                        server's script directory. The script for the CGI
                        Messenger must reside in your Web server's script
                        directory.(Required only if you are installing a CGI
                        Messenger.)

Copy the static HTML    Define the pathname of your Web server's document
to docroot              root directory. Required if you want the Installation
                        Utility to copy the static files, that the WebSpeed
                        Workshop OpenEdge product needs, into your Web
                        server's document root directory.

Continue with           Confirms your selections and continues with the
Installation            installation.

Cancel                  Does not commit a choice you made.

Quit Installation       The Quit Confirmation dialog box appears, allowing
                        you to type Y to quit or N to continue the
                        installation. (This Quit activity deletes all
                        install-related files previously copied into your
                        working directory.)

*10160*Web Server Type Help

To install an OpenEdge product that requires a Web server:

1. Select one of the following Web server-supported types:

   - Sun Web Server - NSAPI Compatible: Supports an "in memory" messenger
     and the CGI messenger.

   - CGI-compatible - Supports the CGI (Common Gateway Interface)
     messenger that all Web servers support.

2. Choose ENTER to continue the installation.  The Web Server Type dialog box
   reappears.

*10165*Installing an Apache Tomcat Web Server
For OpenEdge development products (such as Progress Developer's Studio 
for OpenEdge), Progress provides a script for installing a Java Servlet
Engine (JSE) and an associated web server.  When invoked, this script 
automatically installs an Apache Tomcat web server (version 5.5.23) and 
a JSE on your local machine.

To install a JSE and the Apache Tomcat web server on UNIX:

1.  Untar the apache-tomcat-5.5.23.zip file located in the [install-dir]/bin
    directory. For example, tar xvof apache-tomcat-5.5.23.

    Note: You can alternately unzip the file using the gunzip
    apache-tomcat-5.5.23.gz command.

2.  Install the JSE by double clicking the jdk-1_5_0_10-nb5_5-win.exe file
    located in the [install-dir]/bin directory.

3.  Locate the batch file (OE_TC.bat) containing the installation script.
    This file is located in the /[install-dir]/bin.

4.  Run the batch file (OE_TC.bat) and answer the questions prompted by the
    installation script.

To test the configuration:

1.  Start the Apache Tomcat web server. Locate the installation directory,
    and browse to /bin. Enter the following command: catalina.sh start.

    Note: Once you invoke the catalina.sh start command, you can view server
    startup information using the tail - f [installdir]/logs/Catalina.out
    command.

2.  Open a browser window.

3.  In the URL field of the browser, enter the default address and port
    number for the web server, for example, http:localhost:8080.

    Note: The default address and port number of your web server varies.

4.  Verify connectivity to the AIA servlet: enter the default address and
    port number for the web server, followed by the path to the AIA servlet
    engine, for example, http:localhost:8080/aia/Aia.

5.  Test the WSA servlet: enter the default address and port number for the
    web server, followed by the path to the WSA servlet engine, for example,
    http:localhost:8080/wsa/wsa1.


*10170*Select Web Server Scripts Directory Help

If you are installing a CGI Messenger, you must define the pathname of your
Web server's script directory. To do this:

1. Type the pathname of your Web server's script directory in the Enter
   Destination Path field. The script for the CGI Messenger must reside in
   your Web server's script directory.

2. Choose ENTER to continue the installation. The Web Server Type dialog
   box reappears.

*10180*Select Web Server Document Root directory Help

To enter the root directory to which WebSpeed will add files needed for
WebSpeed development

1. Type the pathname of your Web server's document root directory in the
   Enter Destination Path field.

   The files will be copied from install-path/webspeed to the directory you
   specify. You must perform this step if you want the Installation Utility
   to copy static files, as required by WebSpeed Workshop, into your Web
   server's document root directory.

2. Press ENTER to continue the installation. The Web Server Type dialog
   box reappears.

*10190*Language Selection Help

The Language Selection dialog box allows you to identify the default language
in which the Progress Messages file (PROMSGS) appears. PROMSGS provide error
and informational messages that can appear when you are working in OpenEdge.

Note: Supplemental languages are also available to download from the
      Progress Download Center at http://www.progress.com/esd.  OpenEdge
      supports the languages listed as supplemental languages, but new
      messages are not translated and appear in English only.  (Contact your
      sales representative for a valid login and password to log into the
      Progress Download Center.)

Procedure for this dialog box

To identify one language in which PROMSGS appear by default, and to optionally
choose additional languages:

1. Select (highlight) the language that you want to identify as your
   default language.

2. Press ENTER. An asterisk (*) appears before the selected language.

3. Press M to select the Make Default option. The default symbol (d) appears
   after the selected language. (To deselect a language as the default,
   hightlight it and press ENTER. The (d) is removed.)

3. Repeat Steps 1 and 2 for each language you want to select.  (To deselect
   a language, hightlight it and press ENTER. The asterisk is removed.)

4. When you finish selecting languages, choose Continue with Installation.
   The " Settings dialog box appears.

   Note: Press CANCEL to redisplay the Type and Destination dialog box
   and remove any languages you made on the Language Selection dialog box.

*10200*International Settings Help

About this dialog box

The International Settings dialog box allows you to determine the character
set, date, and number format settings, or conventions, that your OpenEdge
software will use. The conventions are used to tailor your OpenEdge startup
parameter (start.pf) file to ensure that these settings are automatically
used.

For more information about international conventions, see "OpenEdge
Development: Internationalizing Applications."

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Choose (Highlight) any of the following settings to display
   its associated options:

   - Select CharacterSet, Collation, Case
   - Select a Date Format
   - Select a Number Format

   You can choose the settings in any order. Once you select an option
   for a setting, it appears in the summary box.

2. From the drop-down list, select one of the attributes listed.

3. Press ENTER. The selected option appears in the summary box.

4. Repeat Steps 1 through 3 for each setting listed in Step 1 of this
   procedure.

   You must select attributes for each setting.

5. Choose one of the following options:

   - Continue with Installation to confirm your selections and continue.

   - Cancel to remove any selections you have made and return to the
     Language Selection dialog box.

   - Quit Installation. The Quit Confirmation dialog box appears.

*10210*Web Services Adapter URL Help

The Web Services Adapter (WSA) allows you to deploy and enable Web service
applications. WSA is a Java servlet that runs in a Java Server Engine(JRE)
which can then be run stand-alone or be configured with a Web Server.

If you are installing a WSA as a stand-alone product, or as a component of an
OpenEdge product such as the OpenEdge Application Server Basic, 4GL
Development System, or WebSpeed Workshop, review and, as needed, change the
Web Services Adapter settings you use to manage your WSA instances.

To set your Web Services Adapter settings:

1. Accept or change the default URL values that appear in the URL (Universal
   Resource Locator) field. Determine your choice based on your WSA
   configuration, your Web Server, or your Java Servlet engine. The URL
   field defines the default values associated with the protocol, host,
   port, and instance reference for the sample Web Services Adapter's wsa1.

Note: When you deploy a Web service, you deploy it to a WSA instance, which
      defines the root URL used to access the Web service and handles all of
      its client communications. Each WSA instance manages its own set of
      deployed Web services.

2. Press ENTER to continue the installation.

*10220*WSA Authentication Help

Determine whether you will use the Web Services Adapter's administration user
authentication option.

The Web Services Adapter's administration option defaults automatically to a
security setting to indicate that authorization is required to perform
administrative tasks; a valid username and password pair must be entered each
time an administration request is sent to a WSA instance.

Procedure for this dialog box

Choose one of the following options:

   - Type Y to disable the default security setting. This option removes the
     default authorization requirement to administer the WSA.

   - Type N to retain the default security setting. A valid username and
     password pair must be entered each time an administration request is
     sent to a WSA instance.

*10306*Business Business Process JBOSS Server Details Help

About this dialog box

The Business Process JBOSS Server Details dialog box lets you select the JBoss server type that you want to use with OpenEdge to host the Business Process Server. 

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Select the JBOSS Community Edition option to install the JBoss Community Edition server that this installer provides or select the JBOSS Enterprise Edition option to point OpenEdge to the JBOSS Enterprise Edition server that you have installed for your production environment.

2. If you selected the JBOSS Enterprise Edition option, type the path in Location to enter the location of the destination folder that contains the JBOSS Enterprise Edition installation.  

3. Press Enter to continue the installation. The Business Process Application Server Details dialog box appears. 
  

*10301*Business Process Application Server Details Help

About this dialog box

The Business Process Application Server Details dialog box lets you set the 
JBOSS application server's location and ports. 

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Retain the default port numbers or specify other, unused numbers for 
   EJB JNDI Port, Portal Server HTTP Port, and Remote Ant Port.
   
   You must not enter duplicate port numbers or leave the port fields empty. 
   The range for the port numbers is 1024 to 49151.

2. Enter the other EJB and Portal details.

3. Press Enter to continue the installation. The Business Process Server Portal 
   URL dialog box appears. 


*10300*Business Process Server Portal URL Help

About this dialog box

The Business Process Server Portal URL dialog box lets you change the 
Business Server Portal URL if you do not want to use the default URL.  

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Review the Portal URL and change it if required. 

   OpenEdge generates the Portal URL using the host name and the domain name of 
   your machine where you are installing Business Process Server. The valid format 
   of the URL is http://<host_name>.<domain_name>:<port_number>. 
   For example, http://localhost.apac.progress.com:18256.

3. Press Enter to continue the installation. The Business Process Server Database 
   Configuration dialog box appears. 

*10303*Business Process Server Database Configuration Help

About this dialog box

The Business Process Server Database Configuration dialog box lets you set up the 
database that you want to install with the Business Process Server.  

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Enter the Host Name and Port Numbers for the business process server. 

   Database Name displays oebps because the name of the OpenEdge database you use 
   during development is oebps.db. 
   
   We recommend that you not to change the Database Name.

2. Enter the User Name and Password of the database administrator  
   for Business Process Server. 

3. Retain the default Database Location path or specify a new location for storing 
   database files.

   We recommend you not to change the Database Location.

4. Press Enter to continue the installation. The Create Database dialog
   box appears.


*10304*Create Database Help

The Create Database dialog box lets you create the database. Enter Y. The 
Business Process Server Email Configuration dialog box appears. 

*10302*Business Process Server Email Configuration Help

About this dialog box

The Business Process Server Email Configuration dialog box lets you set up 
the details of the email server that you want to use with the Business 
Process Server.  

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Enter the following details:

   Outgoing Server: the address of the email server from which Business 
   Process Server is to send emails.

   Administrator Email: the email ID of Business Process Server’s administrator.  
   
   Incoming Server:  the address of the email server on which Business Process 
   Server is to receive emails, if you want different email servers for 
   incoming and outgoing email. 

2. Press Enter to continue the installation. The Pacific Application Server Details dialog
   box appears.
   
   
*10305*Pacific Application Server Details Help
 
About this dialog box
 
The Pacific Application Server Details dialog box lets you set the default network 
port numbers that are assigned to new Pacific Application Server for OpenEdge instances.
 
Procedure for this dialog box
 
1. Accept the default port numbers or specify other unused port numbers for the 
HTTP and HTTPS fields based on your security needs and the protocol you want 
to communicate through.  
 
2. Accept the default port numbers or specify other unused port numbers for 
the Shutdown port that is used to shutdown the Pacific Application Server instance. 
You may optionally set it to '-1' to disable the server Shutdown port and 
prevents the server from being opened and remotely shut down. 
 
3. Click Next to continue the installation. 
   
*10308*OpenEdge Authentication Gateway Details Help

About this dialog box

The OpenEdge Authentication Gateway Details dialog box lets you set the configuration details for the OpenEdge Authentication Gateway to be used with Progress Application Server for OpenEdge. 

Procedure for this dialog box

1. Specify a name for the OpenEdge Authentication Gateway instance in the Instance Name field. The default value is oeauthserver

2. Specify a port to be used for HTTPS in the Port field.  
Note: The HTTP and Shutdown ports are disabled for the OpenEdge Authentication Gateway instance.

3. Specify the user name to be used to log into the server as an administrator in the User Name field.

4. Specify the password for the administrator user name in the Password field.

5. Validate the password in the Confirm Password field.

6. Specify the directory the OpenEdge Authentication Gateway instance is unzipped to in the Instance Location field.

5. Press Enter to continue the installation. 


*10230*Complete Installation Help

About the dialog box

The Complete Installation dialog box highlights the following installation
details:

- The OpenEdge products you are installing.

- The disk space required on your machine to support the products and the
  installation program. It also identifies the disk space available on your
  machine after the products and installation program are installed.

- The destination path of your install that you set up earlier in this
  installation process.

Procedure for this dialog box

To install your OpenEdge products in the specified destination path and to
accept the disk space assessments that display:

Choose one of the following options:

   - Type Y to commit your choices and begin the OpenEdge Installation
     Utility. The Installing Files dialog box appears and presents a status
     meter to inform you about the installation's progress.  The Tailoring
     OpenEdge Files dialog box appears. If you are installing a product that
     supports a WebSpeed component, the To Configure OpenEdge dialog box
     appears. Otherwise, the Copy Scripts? dialog box appears.

   - Type N to reconsider your choices; your choices, as presented, will not
     be committed at this time.

Note: The Installation Utility determines if there is enough disk space on
      the destination location you originally chose to install. You will be
      prompted to define a different destination on the Select Destination
      Pathname dialog box if the install determines space problems exist.

*10240*Copy Scripts? Help

About this dialog box

The Copy Scripts dialog box prompts you to copy OpenEdge product scripts and
program modules to the default location /usr/bin.  Copying scripts into this
default location allows you to provide your company site's users access to
these scripts.

Caution: If you are maintaining two versions of OpenEdge on the same machine,
         type N to answer this question so that you do not override files.

Procedure for this dialog box

Choose one of the following options:

1. Type Y to allow all users on your system to run products for which you are
   installing scripts and program modules. When prompted, copy the scripts to
   the /usr/bin sub-directory. Type Y, again, to instruct the Installation
   Utility to place OpenEdge scripts in the /usr/bin subdirectory and in the
   destination pathname you specified earlier in the installation process.

   Caution: If you already have scripts in the /usr/bin subdirectory, this
            step might overwrite these existing scripts.

2. Type N to instruct the Installation Utility to place OpenEdge scripts only
   in the destination pathname you specified earlier in the installation
   process.

*10250*Link exists Help

About this dialog box

The Installation Utility determined that a file, identical to the one you
expected to copy into this location, already exists in the installation
directory. The Link Exists dialog box prompts you to resolve the file
contention.

Procedure for this dialog box

Choose one of the following options:

- Type Y to delete the file that currently exists in the path specified. The
  newer version of the file will be installed in this path and a new link
  will be set up to the OpenEdge Release that you are currently
  installing.

- Type N to retain the file that currently exists in the path specified.

*10260*Configuring WebSpeed Help

About this dialog box

The To Configure OpenEdge dialog box identifies postinstallation tasks you
must perform to start and run your Web Server.

Among the choices you made during the Installation Utility, you selected a
Web server type and specified where it was to be installed. However, the
Installation Utility cannot start a Web Server, run brokers, or start a
WebSpeed Messenger.  These are postinstallation tasks you must perform.

Consider taking a screen shot of this dialog box so you can easily reference
the tasks. Or, access the entire contents of the Installation Utility help
from the root directory of the installation CD, save it to a local drive, and
refer to this information as needed.

The following table briefly identifies the Web server postinstallation tasks
and identifies some documentation resources you can use to help you to
complete these tasks:

Post-install Task      For more information
---------------------  -------------------------------------------------------
a. Set up and start    - As needed, manually copy static HTML files to your
   your Web server.      Document Root directory.

                       - For the Sun Web server (NSAPI compatible) Messenger
                         task, see "OpenEdge Application Server:
                         Administration" for details about the obj.conf and
                         start files.

b. Set up the broker   - To set environment variables, edit the
   machine.              ubroker.properties files, and then start the broker,
                         see "OpenEdge Application Server:
                         Administration."

c. To validate your    - See "OpenEdge Application Server: Administration."
   configuration
   through the
   Messenger
   Administration
   page.

*10270*Installation of selected OpenEdge products is complete.

Displays when the online installation is complete.

Do one of the following:

1. Select End the OpenEdge installation. You will exit the installation
   program. OpenEdge returns you to the UNIX prompt.

   - Set up your user environment to run OpenEdge. This task includes
     setting or customizing environment variables, as needed, to meet
     your preferences. Also, if you installed an OpenEdge SQL product,
     you must set the related environment variables. See OpenEdge
     Getting Started: Installation and Configuration guide.

   - To create customized product executables, see the information
     on building executables in the OpenEdge Deployment:
     Managing ABL Applications. Note that creating executables might
     be required to support and run certain product configurations.

2. Select View Release Notes to view the OpenEdge online Release
   Notes using either vi editor or emacs editor. The Installation Utility
   launches the editor. To exit vi after reading the Releas Notes, type
   :q!. To exit emacs, press CTRL-X then CRTL-C.

*10280*Attention - OpenEdge Adapter for Sonic ESB

About this dialog box

This message appears when the OpenEdge Adapter for Sonic ESB is being
installed as a component of another OpenEdge product that you are
installing.

Procedure on this dialog box

Do one of the following:

     - Choose Yes to display the Sonic ESB Properties dialog box to
       define properties for the Sonic ESB container.

     - Choose No to bypass the Sonic ESB Properties dialog box and
       continue with the installation.

*10290*Previous Installation Settings

This dialog box appears only if the Installation Utility detects
at least one OpenEdge Release 10 installation already resides
on the machine to which you are installing OpenEdge. 

From the Previous Settings dialog box, you can

- Choose to use field values previously established in a
  Release 10 installation as the default values when
  performing the current installation.

- Identify the previous Releaes 10 installation to use as the default value
  source.

Procedure on this dialog box

To select the previous installation settings options:

1. Highlight the Use Settings From a Previous Version As Defaults
   option and press Enter. An asterisk (*) appears to indicate
   the selection. (To deselect this option, press Enter again.
   The asterisk is removed.)

2. Highlight the Select Path To The Previous Version option and
   press Enter. The Available Installation Paths dialog box appears.

3. Highlight an OpenEdge Release 10 installation path from those
   listed on the Available Installation Paths dialog box and press
   Enter. The selected path appears in the Selected Path field in the
   display box that appears below the dialog boxes.

Note: The contents of the installation path list is dynamic. It
      depends on the availability of existing OpenEdge Release 10
      installations on the machine to which you are installing 
      OpenEdge.

4. Highlight Continue with Installation to continue.

